Exercise: Create and process scheduled kanbans
==============================================

**USMF** has decided that L0025 WLAN Radio software installed product is going
to be planned off of a production schedule that results from a master planning
run.

Configure item coverage:
------------------------

1.  Go to **Master planning \> Setup \> Item coverage**.

2.  Use the Quick Filter to filter on the Item number field with a value of
    'L0025'.

3.  Click **Item coverage**.

4.  Click **New**.

5.  Set **Minimum** to '150.00'.

6.  In the **Warehouse** field, enter or select 13.

7.  Click the **General** tab.

8.  Select the **Override time fences** check box.

9.  In the **Automatic firming time fence (days)** field, enter '1'.

10. Click the **Lead time** tab.

11. Select the **Production** check box.

12. In the **Production time** field, enter '1'.

13. Select **Yes** in the **Working days** field.

14. Click **Save**.

15. Close all forms.

Create scheduled kanban rule
----------------------------

1.  Go to **Product information management \> Lean manufacturing \> Kanban
    rules**.

2.  Click **New**.

3.  In the **Replenishment strategy** field, select **'Scheduled'**.

4.  In the **First plan activity** field, enter or select **Final assembly**

5.  Collapse the **Kanban rule** section.

6.  Expand the **Details** section.

7.  In the **Product** field, enter or select **L0025**.

8.  In the **Configuration** field, enter or select 01.

9.  Click Save.

10. Close the page.

Run master planning
-------------------

1.  Go to **Master planning \> Master planning \> Run \> Master planning**.

2.  In the **Master plan** field, enter or select **DynPlan**.

3.  Expand the **Records to include** to include section.

4.  Click **Filter**.

5.  In the Criteria field, type 'L0025'.

6.  Click **OK**.

7.  Click **OK**.

View results
------------

1.  Go to **Master planning \> Master planning \> Planned orders**

2.  In the quick filter type value of "L0025" on the "item number" and press
    enter.

3.  Review planned kanbans for L0025.

4.  Select the line with quantity of 150

5.  Click **Supply schedule** in the view tab on the action pane.

6.  Verify the results. As you have learned the kanbans were generated by Master
    planning.
